Welcome to r/Funny: You may only post if you are funny.  Please read our complete rules page before posting.  New to Reddit? Click here!, and visit /r/Newtoreddit   Rules hover for details        1. All posts must make an attempt at humor. Humor is subjective, but all posts must at least make an attempt at humor. Posts which are intentionally disruptive, inane, or nonsensical will be removed. Read more here.   2. No memes, HIFW, MRW, MeIRL, DAE, or similar posts. If your submission begins with "When you…" or "When they…" or anything of a similar nature, it is not allowed here. Submissions depicting or containing intentionally emulated behaviors (memes) are also not allowed, including memetic image macros, "challenges," or elements thereof. HIFW, MRW, TFW, MeIRL, demotivationals, eCards, and DAE posts are similarly disallowed.  Non-meme image macros are allowed.   3. No reposts. Reposts will be removed at the moderators’ discretion. Serial reposters will be banned. Please use TinEye to determine if something has been submitted before.   4. No personal info, hate-speech, or harassment. No identifying information, including anything hosted on platforms making that information public. Posts encouraging the harassment of any individual, group, community, or subreddit will be removed, and the submitting user may be banned. If necessary, a report will be made to the site administration. In accordance with Reddit's policies, there is zero tolerance for this.   5. No politics or political figures. Anything involving politics or a political figure (regardless of context) will be removed. Try /r/politicalhumor instead.   6. No forbidden titles, low-effort titles, or posts about Reddit cakedays. (See below). No asking for upvotes (in any form), no “Cake Day” posts, and no posts to communicate with another Redditor. Posts with titles such as "I got banned from /r/___" or "This got removed from /r/___" are not allowed. For an inclusive list, please read the complete rules page. Low-effort titles, memetic titles, titles which circumvent other rules, and titles comprising excessive or disruptive emojis are similarly disallowed.   7. No gore, pornography, or animal cruelty. Gore, pornography, and sexually-graphic images are not allowed (use /r/Nsfwfunny). Animal cruelty is strictly forbidden. All other NSFW content must be tagged as such.   8. No unoriginal comics. Comics may only be posted on Wednesdays and Sundays (measured using Pacific Time), and only by their original artists.   9. No pictures of just text. Image-based submissions in which the humor can be conveyed via text alone are not allowed. This includes pictures of text with images that don't add necessary context, transcriptions of standup comedy (as with /r/standupshots), and screenshots of jokes. Here are some examples. Text posts using Reddit's native system are allowed.   10. No social-media content (including Reddit), electronic messaging content, or AI-generated content. Social-media content of any kind is not allowed. This include anything from any "comments section," as well as media accompanied by text from those platforms. Screenshots of electronic messages of any variety are not allowed. AI-generated content of any kind is forbidden. Read more. Please view our wiki for suggestions of where these submissions can be offered.   Want to see /r/funny with these posts? Click here!  Please note:  Hate speech and bigotry will be removed at the moderators' discretion. Bots and bot-like accounts are not allowed. No link shorteners (or HugeURL) in either post links or comments. They will be deleted regardless of intent. This is an anti-spam measure. All submissions to /r/Funny are governed by Reddit's policies on self-promotion and spam.          What do I do if I see a post that breaks the rules? Click on the report button, and send us a message with a link to the comments of the post.   What should I do if I don't see my post in the new queue? If your submission isn't showing up, please don't just delete it as that makes the filter hate you! Instead send us a message with a link to the post. We'll unban it and it should get better. Please allow 10 minutes for the post to appear before messaging moderators    Looking for something else? Visit our friends!  /r/DogsWearingHats  /r/CardsAgainstHumanity /r/humor for more in-depth stuff /r/comics /r/punny /r/lolcats /r/wheredidthesodago /r/lol /r/shittyaskscience /r/screenshots /r/nononono "How I think I am vs. How I actually am" /r/UnnecessaryCensorship /r/meanjokes /r/startledcats /r/HomestarRunner /r/Unexpected /r/bertstrips /r/instant_regret /r/WellThatSucks /r/misc for anything else  
  ✨⭐ Don't miss our 50-million-subscriber-mark celebration! ⭐✨ This is a friendly reminder to read our rules.  Memes, social media, hate-speech, and pornography are not allowed.  Screenshots of Reddit are expressly forbidden, as are TikTok videos. Rule-breaking posts may result in bans. Please also be wary of spam.   I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns. 
Jokes on you, you're about to sell the hell outta this. 
Yeah. Like, if he actually patented and produced these dude would make bank. Imagine if he made anime/hentai ones. They’d sell like hotcakes 
With an insert for a pocket pussy? 
wait.. 
[removed] 
There.... is a dog??!?? 
Well... you've certainly convinced me not to click that link. I was morbidly curious at first but nah, wth 
i didn't see one with a phone mount though. 
You don't want your hump stump to get jealous of you watching porn while you bang it do you? 
What a day to have eyes 
Wow. That's all I have to say about that just now. 
Ya, I'm just surprised that so many people have a fetish for amputees. 
I imagine the fast voiced guy from K-Tel saying "Legs sold separately" at the end of a commercial LOL! 
I think it's in part to the one child policy and drastic difference between qty of eligible females and males by a huge margin leading to many loney fellers. But if you also go to a sex convention here in north America there's many more people and those same products so what do I know lol 
Lt Dan she ain’t got no legs 
what was this comment? 
Why was there a dog in there? 
I think you know. 
My brother probably wants one, where can he buy one? 
is your brothers name "Reflection"? 
"For Christmas purposes." 
get him one with your face on it 
$100 upcharge 
I want a small cut for my ingenious suggestion. 
"Can u put a fuckable hole on it" - Squirtinturds, Nov 2023 
 I want a small cut  We can make it adjustable. 
Is this like that My Little Pony plush from like 10 years ago?? 
r/clopclop has entered the chat Edit:  This is VERY NSFW/L 
For the more curious and daring, be warned: that link is not safe for brain 
There was a time on reddit, long ago, where I determined to click all the links.  I could not be deterred. I persevere today, but that was one of the clicks I never could have expected. It's not the content, it's the dedication. 
!!! Omg I fucking knew it before I even clicked the damn link. I used to do court transcription a little over a decade ago, and we got copies of all the evidence presented during the hearings to make sure jargon and names were spelled correctly. One time I had to transcribe a hearing where a state employee got shitcanned for moderating an NSFW RP site and distributing his own BDSM fan art to coworkers with his govt email. So guess what I got paid to look at all day? Lmao, the images are still burned into my retinas. 
This is the first thought that popped into my head as soon as i saw the phone clipped to the head in the video hahaha. 
"Effortlessly slide it into the included holster" 
Throw some c cups on that thing with a PPPP.  Perfectly Placed Pocket Pussy….Collect all the money. 
Lonely Lounger 2.0 
boy do i have news for you! 
What... What are you doing step redditor! 
My first thought was if maybe they could design a phone holder that fits on a real person's head backward, so you can look at your phone easily while spooning your partner. 
Objects are made by men, and used for many purposes... but we never... love... objects. 
Yeah, this guy accidentally comes up with a revolutionary idea every once in a while. I’m surprised he has not capitalized on this. 
[deleted] 
He's more of a making things kinda guy instead of a selling things kinda guy 
Because it’s marginal profits at best. After mass production costs etc etc macroeconomics etc etc. gag gifts at best 
He's the anti-Crazy Japanese Mega inventor.  That Japanese guy patents, makes, and sells every damn thing he thinks of.  Of which a few made him millions and millions of bucks. This guy just wants the lulz, and a few millions from Ads.  Work hard vs work smart. 
Link? I'm definitely not lonely though. 
Well not after you ordered 3 of them... 
Do they do two packs? I can finally have that threesome sammich spoon sesh I've always dreamed of 
All of his products get ripped off and sold. This one will not be an exception. 
